Hello everyone and welcome to the binary search trees lecture.
So just to give you a bit of a background we've already seen two different ways to get key value pairs
in a collection.
You can recall that these collections implemented the map abstract data type.
The two implementations of a map abstract data type or ADT that we discussed were a binary search on
a list and then hash tables in this section.
What we're gonna do is study binary search trees as yet another way to map from a key to a value.
In this case we are interested in the exact placement of the items in the tree.
What we are interested in using the binary tree structure to provide for efficient searching capabilities
.
That means.
Up next we're going to go over the implementation of a binary search tree we're won't live code this
due to the sheer amount of code it's going to be a lot of code.
So instead of having to live code it all out.
Well we're going to do is instead of go through each block and explain it through diagrams just like
we did in a few previous lectures.
Again if you do want to access all the code it's written out free in the Jupiter notebooks and I'll
be sure to show you those links when we go through the next lecture on binary search tree implementation
.
All right thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture